---
title: Getting Started with the PHP SDK
layout: documentation
breadcrumb: Getting Started with the PHP SDK
header: Getting Started with the PHP SDK
sidebar: 
---

## Prerequisites

- You have a working knowledge of [PHP](http://www.phptherightway.com/).
- You meet the [system requirements](https://github.com/Intacct/intacct-sdk-php/blob/master/README.md) for the Intacct SDK for PHP.
- You have the [Composer](https://getcomposer.org/doc/01-basic-usage.md) PHP dependency manager. 
- Recommend you have a PHP IDE.

## Install the SDK and set up your project

1. Create a new PHP project (in your IDE).

1. Add a `composer.json` file to your project and specify the Intacct SDK for PHP as a dependency:

   ``` json
   {
       "require": {
           "intacct/intacct-sdk-php": "v1.*"
       }
   }
   ```

1. In a terminal window, run `composer install` in the directory containing your `composer.json` file.

   This creates a `vendor` folder and adds the Intacct PHP SDK and its dependencies. 
        
   **Note:** When you want to update your SDK installation with a newer version, run `composer update`.     
     
1. Copy [GettingStarted.php](./GettingStarted.php) and [login.cfg](./login.cfg) into your IDE project.

1. Note the following line of code in `GettingStarted.php`:

   ```php
   require __DIR__ . '/vendor/autoload.php';
   ```
   
   This includes the Composer autoloader in the project file. Add this line to any PHP files you add to your project.
   
1. Update the `login.cfg` with your login credentials.
   
## Run the GettingStarted example
    
1. Look at the `GettingStarted.php` code to learn about the API, In paricular, note how the `IntacctClient` instance establishes a session with your company, and see how the `Read` function call is created, wrapped, and executed.    

1. Run the program and observe the results.

   You get a listing of the number of vendor objects in your company. Also shown is a GUID that was autogenerated for the function's control ID.

   **Note:** If you get an exception from GuzzelHttp about a missing local SSL certificate, you likely need to add the path to a CA [root certificate bundle](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Root_certificate) to your `php.ini` file. For example: `curl.cainfo="cacerts/curl-ca-bundle.crt"`
    {: .well .well-sm }

 

### What's next?

- Try out an example that runs a more complex query on your company.